Added workaround for possible load failures in Excel Add-in for MDS (#9531)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/master-data-services/microsoft-excel-add-in/master-data-services-add-in-for-microsoft-excel.md

[!INCLUDE [SQL Server Windows Only - ASDBMI](../../includes/applies-to-version/sql-windows-only-asdbmi.md)]

With the [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] [!INCLUDE[ssMDSshort](../../includes/ssmdsshort-md.md)] [!INCLUDE[ssMDSXLS](../../includes/ssmdsxls-md.md)], you can load filtered lists of data from Master Data Services (MDS) into Excel and then work with it just as you would any other data. When you are done, you can publish the data back to MDS where it's centrally stored. Security level determines which data you can view and update.

> If you want to use Add-in for Excel to view or update data, you must enable ActiveX controls in Microsoft Excel, otherwise the data from the MDS database might not complete the load. For more information, see [Enable or disable ActiveX settings in Office files](https://support.microsoft.com/office/enable-or-disable-activex-settings-in-office-files-f1303e08-a3f8-41c5-a17e-b0b8898743ed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]  
> If you want to use Add-in for Excel to view or update data, you must enable ActiveX controls in Microsoft Excel, otherwise the data from the MDS database might not complete the load. For more information, see [Enable or disable ActiveX settings in Office files](https://support.microsoft.com/office/enable-or-disable-activex-settings-in-office-files-f1303e08-a3f8-41c5-a17e-b0b8898743ed).
```

[!INCLUDE [SQL Server Windows Only - ASDBMI](../../includes/applies-to-version/sql-windows-only-asdbmi.md)]

> With the [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] [!INCLUDE[ssMDSshort](../../includes/ssmdsshort-md.md)]&nbsp;[!INCLUDE[ssMDSXLS](../../includes/ssmdsxls-md.md)], you can load filtered lists of data from Master Data Services (MDS) into Excel and then work with it just as you would any other data. When you are done, you can publish the data back to MDS where it's centrally stored. Security level determines which data you can view and update.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] [!INCLUDE[ssMDSshort](../../includes/ssmdsshort-md.md)] [!INCLUDE[ssMDSXLS](../../includes/ssmdsxls-md.md)], you can load filtered lists of data from Master Data Services (MDS) into Excel and then work with it just as you would any other data. When you are done, you can publish the data back to MDS where it's centrally stored. Security level determines which data you can view and update.
```

> If you want to use Add-in for Excel to view or update data, please make sure you have enabled the ActiveX settings in Office files, otherwise, the data from the MDS database may not be able to complete the load . For more information about this problem, see [Enable or disable ActiveX settings in Office files](https://support.microsoft.com/en-au/office/enable-or-disable-activex-settings-in-office-files-f1303e08-a3f8-41c5-a17e-b0b8898743ed).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Add-in for Excel to view or update data, you must enable ActiveX controls in Microsoft Excel, otherwise the data from the MDS database might not complete the load. For more information, see [Enable or disable ActiveX settings in Office files](https://support.microsoft.com/office/enable-or-disable-activex-settings-in-office-files-f1303e08-a3f8-41c5-a17e-b0b8898743ed).
```
